The Joe Rogan experience when people, you know,
like the idea of backpacking hunting,
that's what they're liking is the idea of it.
Cause Kim glamorized the out of it, but again, painful.
He's not, he's not a normal human. You can't go by his standards, his ideas,
they say that sheep on things, the hardest they say that, uh, like,
like Alaska sheep hunting in terms of like just the difficulty of the
terrain and the dangers of it. Yeah. Um.
Somewhat. Yeah.
I would say the I've only been on a couple sheep hunts in Alaska, right?
Most of mine have been in lower 48 or the NWT, um, uh, Northwest territories.
The thing with Alaska that's easy is you're not gaining that much altitude
distance as far. You're not, but the weather is bad.
Like generally the weather is pretty bad.
And then that the amount of pressure now, and again,
I'm not an expert on Alaska.
The pressure is much worse than it's ever been in Alaska.
In terms of the amount of hunters, hunters. Yeah.
A lot of hunters out there and then animals, Grizzlies and. Yeah.
Which is a real, you've seen us get charged on video.
When you were at the gritty Bowman. That was terrifying. Yeah.
It was crazy. I.
Uh, tell them I'm an adrenaline junkie. I'll tell the true story. Okay.
Because it's not, I thought I were calling him moose and I'm like, look in.
And I'm like, I think there's a moose coming in a grizzly pops out. I'm like,
Hey.
Get your camera. Let's call this thing in.
It's the true story. Right? Cause we made it sound like it was, you know, oh,
here comes a grizzly. So I thought it was going to get to that stump and stop.
Right. You called the grizzly in on please coming into a moose call. Right. So,
oh no. I'm like, Hey, can I have the cameras? Let's get this on video.
Cause he was looking for our moose calls.
So this big pitch gets you out of that log. And she stands up,
she's looking around and I'm like, oh cool.
You can hear my shutter on the video. it hit the ground.
And it was coming and I'm like, oh well.
And immediately me I've been charged enough to where I'm,
I'm an adrenaline junkie anyway, I'm desensitized. And I'm like, well,
he's going to eat this other dude. Anyway. So I'm like,
you can see my camera's shifting right. A little as I'm taking these photos,
I didn't have a weapon at a bow. And so here pretty quick, I'm thinking, shoot,
this. It's like 15 yards from us.
He fired off a round at its feet. And I knew his gun jammed on the second round.
Uh, sometimes. So I'm like, oh,
brownie eight jam on this second one or whatever it was. Right.
I'm not saying a Browning's bad. Well it stopped. Do you remember?
And it came again. I think it was like 12,
10 yards when it finally turned off and got.
Away. But 10 yards is nothing. Well,
I tell you like that's almost like that wall. Yeah.
It was big.
For example,
I start the book with a quote from the head of Phillip Morris who says,
who knows what you would do if you didn't smoke, maybe you'd beat your wife.
Maybe you drive cars fast. And you know, that that's part of,
I think the tobacco industry approached to this, they would,
they would imagine this sort of counterfactual, uh, where, you know,
a world without tobacco, without cigarettes.
And then they would imagine what that would be like.
And of course they'd always imagine it was much, much worse than smoking. Yeah.
I read that part. And also the,
the man in question wound up quitting cigarettes, so.
Right. Yeah. He, he had to quit fairly quickly.
And what did he do.
Right, exactly. Yeah. That was the question.
And we never really did find that out.
Such a strange way to live your life,
to be deceptive in a way that you know, is going to, I mean,
there's, I don't know how many people have gotten cancer from cigarettes,
but it's probably yeah. Well, and it.
Isn't just cancer. It's our heart disease, et cetera. So millions, I mean,
I've seen an estimate that in the 20th century smoking killed,
I want to make sure I get this right.
I think it was a hundred million people more than,
more than maybe both wars, world wars,
but together it's 7 million a year, I think is the,
is the global death toll in the U S it's
480,000 a year. Yeah. Directly to attributable. Right.
They trace it. They trace it to, to, uh, directly attributable. Now, you know,
it, these are extreme examples. Tobacco's the most famous and extreme example.
And I talk about a lot of other examples, but I think it's actually, you know,
a fairly common thing for people to go pretty far down the road of denial when
they are working in an industry. And, and this is sort of the process.
I try to explore a little bit in the book, they're working in an industry,
they're confronted with some accusation that they have caused harm.
They check their gut and their gut says, no, we didn't intend to cause harm.
We don't feel guilty.
And so their mind starts to come up with reasons why it must be wrong and
their tribal instincts,
which are never more than just a millimeter below the surface for pretty much
any of us, but certainly in this case get triggered. So,
uh, they immediately think, well,
these people accusing me must have an ulterior motive. They must be,
they want money. They want power. They want attention.
They've got some sinister political objective. Uh, and then the,
the other part of that tribal dynamic as they start thinking about themselves,
uh, and, and their truly lofty mission, which isn't just to sell a product,
but something else it's to protect freedom.
Or if you're a slave trader it's to rescue the Africans from terrible lives in
Africa and bring them to the comfortable plantations.
Uh, micro assault would be, um, you know, making a small,
but you know, racially salient comment in the presence of a person.
Of that race. So it's not even not necessarily.
Racist. No, it's not an assault. No,
these people that violence is all words and, and discursive. So.
Micro assault can just be an insult.
And they're all insults micro. Everything has to just be like,
words are standing in the wrong place. Oh boy.
Jamie just pulled it up here. Uh, Microsoft is an explicit racial
derogations characterize. What is that? Look at that expression.
A microassault is an explicit racial derogations.
So you've put somebody down on purpose. I.
Know,
but that's a weird way of describing an explicit racial derogations
plural. Yeah. Someone who reaches singular. Yeah, it doesn't sound right. Yeah.
Darian editor derogations Puro characterized primarily by verbal or nonverbal
attack meant to hurt the intended victim through name calling there's your
hyphen avoidant behavior or purposeful discriminatory
actions. The armor on that's broken all the pieces. It's a mess.
And that's a K zu.edu, reason.ksu.edu.
Nice. I mean, they didn't even bother like editing that. Look at that.
There's so many of these things that are like for education that are like this,
and it's like, they say stuff like themself and it's just like,
this is supposed to be for education. It's barely literate. What is going on?
That's a problem when you're.
Using the vein them as well. Right. So we're using they, them pronouns,
which are really supposed to, I mean,
for the most part indicate multiple people. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Right.
Yeah. Say they, you know, so this guy, what you could say,
they thought, or they thought they would get away with it. I mean,
you could say it, you could say right.
But it's hard to use it that way all the time.
Right. It's hard to use it intentionally actually.
It's it's it comes up naturally sometimes, and then that's fine.
But it's hard to use intentionally. Yeah. If a person.
Wanted to go to the store, they could go.
Right.
And so there's something like kind of totalitarian about making people do things
like that that are difficult,
like jumping through these little hoops and then holding them to massive
account. And it's like, I mean, even like the black lives matter thing,
like black lives matter as a sentence is obvious forcing somebody to say an
obvious thing. That's a great name because you can't argue with it.
You also can't argue because what are you going to matter? And of course it's,
I mean, it's so complicated because there's like, if somebody asked me,
they said, okay, do you support black lives matter, James,
do you support black lives matter? And of course,
they're gonna try to catch me on this. And it's like, which one?
There's at least five. I support one of them.
And I think the other four are nuts.
I was at his house, uh, January of last year, January, 2019,
Tiffany Haddish took me to his house. And, uh,
it was this night that I was really not supposed to be there. I wasn't invited,
but Tiffany was like, come with me. And I'm like, hell yeah.
So I went and it was,
it was this incredible night at Eddie Murphy's house where, um,
I walked downstairs. The first person I see is Jamie Fox. I was like, Hey man,
what's up? I'm like, what's up Jamie? And he's like, yeah. And then, uh,
and then I turn, I see Neil Brennan. And then I,
and then I look at the bar and I see Sasha Baron Cohen and Eila Fisher sitting
at the bar. And I'm like, what the have I won? And then I see Kimmel.
Then I say, bill Hader. And then I hear behind me, yellow, is.
This what you can means? Always do hang out with each other.
And I turn around and it's, Q-tip from a tribe called quest. And I'm like,
what up tap? And they were like, what the is going? What have I walked into?
Wow. And, uh, then Jeff Ross was there and then Chappelle came,
Chris rock came and I was like, what if I walked into?
But the good thing is, you know, cause you were comics. We all know each other.
And then I, you know,
I'd only met Eddie once for like a split second at a fight. And uh,
he knew my name then, but when I walked, when I walked in the basement was,
Hey Russell, thanks for coming. I'm like.
Hey Murphy knows my name. That's all I think of. Holy,
Eddie Murphy knows my name. I.
Met him once with Charlie. I rented a Charlie. Charlie was.
So great. He was such a sweet guy.
Charlie and I did a tour together, uh, for a maximum, the bud light comedy tour.
And um, with John Heffron and then just randomly, uh,
I was in Maui in just Charlie was in Maui and uh,
I went over and sat with him and Eddie Murphy was weird.
It was so strange. How was he when he was with Charlie was real friendly, man.
Yeah. He was really nice. There was like nothing weird.
About him and no he's super friendly. His first words, he goes, you a funny.
Yeah. I was like, oh my God. Yes.
These are the things that faint. Yeah, dude, I, uh,
I was like that whole night. I honestly didn't say a word to anybody.
I was just in shock. The entire time was just like,
I know every time I turn my head and then I was standing in the doorway like
that and it's, it's me standing beside Eddie and then Chris rock,
Jamie Foxx and Neil Brennan.
And they're all trying to convince him to do standup again. Wow.
And I'm just there, like, I have nothing to add to this conversation.
Like I'm not on Jamie's level, not of Chris's level, you know,
Neil credit spells. I'm like, I'm just there, but they didn't make me feel like,
what are you doing here? They made me feel included. So that was nice,
but that is nice. But uh, they, you know, there was like, Eddie was like,
I haven't done it in 30 years. I'm like, I'm pretty sure you've still got it.
Oh, he's got it. He said, he said, he's got about five minutes. Uh,
I got about five minutes, but you know,
you guys are out there doing it everyday. And I know he,
I know he wants to do it.